0& "The true burden of congenital disease with Zika virus is probably underestimated," said Dr. Marco Safadi of the Santa Casa Medical School in Sao Paulo, Brazil, who's been treating and studying cases.

0& The man, from the San Juan area, fell ill with the Zika virus and experienced symptoms including fever, rash and joint pain. After recovering from the Zika symptoms, the man then developed immune thrombocytopenic purpura, or ITP, an autoimmune disorder that has been linked to the virus. The bleeding disorder that killed him was as a side-effect of the ITP.“Although Zika virus–associated deaths are rare, the first identified death in Puerto Rico highlights the possibility of severe cases, as well as the need for continued outreach to raise health care providers’ awareness of complications that might lead to severe disease or death,” reports the CDC in its findings.

0& A Puerto Rican man in his 70s who died from complications of the Zika virus was the first case of his kind in the U.S., The New York Times first reported on Friday.The man’s case was one of 683 confirmed Zika infections in Puerto Rico, according to the Centers for Disease Control. The outbreak includes 89 pregnant women.

0& Florida has been identified as one of the most likely places for the disease to gain a foothold, and, with no treatments for zika available, regulators have provisionally approved the release of GM mosquitoes.Derric Nimmo, a bioscientist with Oxitec, an Oxford University spin-out company, told the Sunday Times: 'We would expect to release about 3.3million mosquitoes over nine months – just over 200,000 a week.

0& Speaking to the Caribbean Media Corporation (CMC) on the sidelines of the meeting, Jamaica’s Foreign Affairs and Foreign Trade Minister Kamina Johnson-Smith said the fight against Zika is important to the Caribbean region not just because of its impact on the tourism industry, but also the health problems that might not be obvious immediate.

0& The victim had a condition called thrombocytopenia — low platelet count that can result in bleeding. Sharp said it's a rare but known complication of Zika and not a sign that the virus is causing worse symptoms than expected.Zika's spreading fast across Latin America and the Caribbean. The U.S. territory of Puerto Rico's been hit hard, too.

0& There have been 18 confirmed cases of the mosquito-borne virus in the state this year, but all have been contracted overseas.Federal Health Minister Susan Ley said the money had been approved this week and was on top of what would be included in Tuesday's budget."The money will assist existing and ongoing surveillance at Cairns and Townsville airports," Ms Ley said.


1& If that holds together and nothing else gets added, it’s basically the best pay-per-view lineup of the year so far, right? But has the arbitrary enormity of the round number attached to this event blinded us to that? And did what we shall now refer to as The Conor McGregor Situation only further distort our sense of what is actually being offered here?

1& Conor McGregor is not giving up on his mission to fight at UFC 200 just yet. Despite UFC president Dana White vehemently saying McGregor will not fight on the card after refusing to attend the press tour for the event, McGregor is once again on social media campaigning to get back on the card and get his revenge on Nate Diaz.

1& After a main event change saw featherweight champion Conor McGregor pulled from his scheduled rematch with Nate Diaz and replaced by the long-awaited grudge match between 205-pound champion Daniel Cormier and ex-titleholder Jon Jones, it appears as if UFC 200 is mostly set in stone – or at least the top half of the main card is.

1& “(The interim belt) is the No. 1 contender belt, that’s what they should call it,” Edgar said in New York. “But I have a feeling Conor is never coming back down to 145 pounds, so in time it will be the real belt. I think he knows the risk of possibly losing (the featherweight title).”

1& Penciled in for a bid to avenge his March loss to Nate Diaz at UFC 200, expected to be the biggest money show in UFC history, McGregor stunned MMA fans with an April 19 tweet announcing his retirement: “I have decided to retire young. Thanks for the cheese. Catch ya’s later.”

1& In case you’ve been living under a rock, McGregor and the UFC have been going back-and-forth for almost two weeks. It began with McGregor retiring and no-showing at a UFC commercial shoot, claiming that media obligations were interfering with training despite the shoot and press tour being three months before his rematch with Diaz.

2& With just 53 days to go, this conventional wisdom is starting to look naive. That is partly because Mr. Cameron may yet be heading for defeat, despite scoring several points in the past couple of weeks. Though a series of recent heavyweight independent analyses have predicted a British exit, or Brexit, would have a negative long-term impact on the U.K. economy, and President Barack Obama warned a post-Brexit U.K. shouldn’t expect any quick U.S.-U.K. trade deal, the polls suggest the vote remains on a knife-edge. The latest poll of polls, which averages the six most recent polls, shows the Remain campaign ahead by 51% to 49%, according to whatukthinks.org. That is too tight for comfort for the Remain camp since Brexit supporters, who tend to be older, are thought much more likely to vote than younger Britons.

2& Slightly more Britons want to leave the European Union than want to stay, according to an ICM poll for the Sun on Sunday taken after U.S. President Barack Obama's warning that Britain would go to the "back of queue" in striking trade deals after Brexit.

2& And Ukip leader Nigel Farage said the poll showed it was now even more likely that David Cameron will be ousted as Prime Minister after the referendum vote on June 23 because of outrage at the scare tactics being used in the campaign. 

2& A separate poll for the Observer newspaper on Sunday showed the campaign to stay in the EU had a one percentage point lead over the those who wanted to leave. (Reporting by Paul Sandle; Editing by Louise Ireland)

2& This is precisely what happened in the UK last week. President Obama flew down to London, lunched merrily with the Queen, presented a lovely wooden rocking horse to the young Prince George and then lectured Britons on what was good for them, because it was in his national interest.

2& So we blame “China”. We blame “turmoil in the Middle East”. Or – here’s another convenient scapegoat for our inability to kick the hard-drug policy stimulants – we blame “doubts about Brexit”.Last weekend, I highlighted the absurdly one-sided nature of HM Treasury’s “serious study” into the implications of the UK quitting the EU.Based on much analytical chicanery, the report “concluded” UK households would be £4,300 a year worse off by 2030 if we vote to leave – a spurious outcome Osborne has consistently described as “fact”.

2& “So Ukip being strong and making sure that the government and the prime minister - which won’t be David Cameron in my view - but whoever it is, making sure they do go for Article 50 of the treaty and start the process of political divorce.”Farage was also asked to set out his vision of a post-Brexit Britain.“Self-governing, self-confident and much more global in outlook,” he said.“We have become too obsessed with Europe. It’s an important market place but there is a big world out there.”

3& Dana Rhoden, a 38-year-old certified nursing assistant, cared for many in this rural Ohio community of 2,200. She was remembered for her compassion and sunny demeanor, a soothing presence to patients and their families.Chris Rhoden Jr., 16, was a student at Pike County High School. He had just gotten his driver's license and enjoyed working on demolition-derby cars with his older brother and father.

3& It’s such an unusual case, hitting one family. All victims were part of the Rhoden family.Seven of those killed were adults. One was a 16-year-old. The case is perplexing by the numbers alone.Three young kids were found at the death scenes unharmed.Hanna Gilley was discovered dead next to her living 4-day old infant.  “The baby was right there with the mom,” Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine said. “So, it had to be a conscious decision by the murderer…not to kill the baby.

3& "Just day by day. I mean there's nothing really you can do except hope law enforcement finds who did this so we're not so worried and scared,” Stephanie Brownfield said.A bake sale, food and drinks and a 50/50 raffle will raise money for the Rhoden family, and the Gilley family, but volunteers hope a candle and a prayer will offer more.

3& Rhoden family members were shot in the head at four different homes near Piketon on April 22. Authorities say the deaths were a pre-planned "sophisticated operation." They haven't released any specifics on possible suspects or a motive.Services for Hannah Gilley, 20, in Otway, Ohio, on Saturday brought together hundreds of family members and friends. Her baby was one of three children who survived the massacre. Gilley was the fiancée of 20-year-old Clarence "Frankie" Rhoden, another victim of the shootings.

3& About Frankie: Frankie Rhoden was engaged to Hannah Gilley, and the two were the parents of a six-month-old boy. He also fathered a three-year-old boy, who survived. He enjoyed spending time with family and friends, fishing and hunting. He also enjoyed demolition derby and his prized 1990s model Ford Crown Victoria, according to his social media accounts.


3& So less than a week after this community rallied to support the families of the eight people shot to death in their beds by an unknown killer or killers on Friday, much of that support began to dry up on Sunday evening when the state’s attorney general revealed that the Rhoden family appeared to have been selling large quantities of marijuana.

3& Pike County (Ohio) Sheriff Charles Reader's Sunday comments to his county's residents may have caused a collective raising of an eyebrow from the national audience after the mass killing April 22. Locally, however, it wasn't considered a gaffe or even the first time a high-ranking Pike County official said or did something curious regarding firearms.

1& Conor McGregor is still pushing to get his UFC 200 fight against UFC 200 back. McGregor took to Instagram with a post showing off highlights of his fight with Nate Diaz at UFC 196 and telling the UFC to “run it back.”McGregor is still off UFC 200 following the dust-up earlier in April when he didn’t want to do promotional duties for UFC 200, resulting in his removal. McGregor then took to social media and said he was retiring early, but has since publically pushed for the fight to be restored

0& The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has reported the first Zika-virus-related death in the United States, a Puerto Rican man in his 70s who died in late February.The man died from internal bleeding resulting from a rare immune reaction to his Zika infection. The agency issued a report Friday on the growing Zika transmission in Puerto Rico. It said the patient died after developing severe thrombocytopenia, or low levels of platelets that help blood clot. The report provided no details.In an interview, Tyler Sharp, acting chief epidemiologist at CDC's Dengue Branch in San Juan, Puerto Rico, said the man had a rare autoimmune condition that has been linked to Zika virus infections in other countries hit by the epidemic. The condition, known as ITP, immune thrombocytopenic purpura, has also been associated with other infectious diseases, Sharp said.

0& As summer is rapidly approaching, the he concern about the Zika Virus is growing.The Zika Virus, causing severe birth defects in newborns, is transmitted by mosquitoes.  A grow	ing  problem hitting hard in Latin America. Something to consider before leaving the United States.The Pennsylvania Department of Health says as of now, there are no  mosquitoes in the state carrying the virus.  The CDC confirms 16  Pennsylvanians who have traveled outside of the country, contracted the Zika Virus.The Pennsylvania Department of Health is investigating in prevention,  surveillance and vector control.As summer is coming, the mosquitoes will be biting. Local hardware stores, like Lowe's has plenty of options for keeping the bugs from biting.Keeping the bugs away can actually add style and mood lighting to your back yard.  Some candles and tiki torches are made with bite fighter fuel, keeping the mosquitoes away in style. There are also many sprays for the yard and your body that can prevent mosquitoes from biting. 

0& It’s business as usual,” Marah Clark, an entomologist for Duval Mosquito Control told WOKV.Preparations for the summer ‘busy season’ only change with shifts in the environment. Otherwise, preventing the spread of mosquitos is consistent from year to year.
The two mosquitos that carry Zika virus are familiar to the First Coast, as well.“They’re not new mosquitos for us, we’re just more aware of them earlier than we have been in previous years,” Clark said.The activity for these two mosquitos typically begins to increase around the middle of May.

3& PIKETON, Ohio -- The long goodbyes to eight members of a rural Ohio family killed more than a week ago continued Saturday with a funeral for a young mother as authorities remained silent in what they've said will be a lengthy investigation.Members of the Rhoden family were shot in the head at four different homes near Piketon on April 22. Authorities say the deaths were a pre-planned "sophisticated operation" and they haven't released any specifics on possible suspects or a motive.

3& Six days after the Rhoden family was massacred, execution-style, while sleeping in their beds, Ohio law enforcement officials have not yet made any arrests or hinted at what could have motivated someone to commit such a heinous crime.But the details are mounting.In addition to news that evidence of commercial marijuana grow operations and cockfighting roosters were uncovered at several of the crime scenes, officials have now released preliminary autopsy results for all eight of the victims, who range in age from 16 to 44.

3& Dozens of mourners arrived at a funeral home on Wednesday night to say goodbye to Gary Rhoden, one of the victims of last week's massacre that killed eight family members in rural Ohio.But the mourners were not alone. Local police and sheriff's deputies stood watch, making sure that no one caused any trouble. At least two marked vehicles sat outside. The police presence was a grim reminder that the person – or persons – responsible for the killings are still at large. Police have not publicly disclosed the motive. 

2& He said: “I have seen referendums all over Europe where the people’s voice has been ignored.“So Ukip being strong and making sure that the government and the prime minister – which won’t be David Cameron in my view, but whoever it is – making sure they do go for article 50 of the [EU] treaty and start the process of political divorce.”Former cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles, who is pro-EU, and George Eustice, the food and farming minister who wants the UK to leave, told Pienaar’s Politics on BBC’s Radio 5 Live that there was no imminent threat to Cameron if the vote went against EU membership.

2& High quality global journalism requires investment. Please share this article with others using the link below, do not cut & paste the article. See our Ts&Cs and Copyright Policy for more detail. Email ftsales.support@ft.com to buy additional rights. http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/69de0bde-0e14-11e6-ad80-67655613c2d6.html#ixzz47SwIQC6p“Unless any UK financial institutions have bet their shirt on an early recovery of sterling it is hard to see what Brexit would do in immediate terms,” said Stephen Wright, a professor at Birkbeck College, London University.The week after the referendum, the Financial Policy Committee will have an opportunity to loosen the requirements for banks to hold capital if there is a financial panic, putting in place the new regime of measures to counter the credit cycle.But even if the BoE could cope with immediate market gyrations from Brexit, it would soon face what Mr Saunders called “a major policy dilemma” over interest rates.



