3& Zack Snyder clashes some titans in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. Starting with a good point of view on an event already passed, the 150 minute story pushes along as it should. The storytelling in the first half is a little shaky, but as the film progresses, it all gets better, leading to a successful ending. The character buildup and main plot-line setup make this a lengthy piece, but even so, there feels like pieces of story are missing.The action is nicely done and backed with successful cinematography. The CG has its ups and downs, but for the most part, gets the job done.Ben Affleck does wonders and actually carries the film most of the way. Gal Gadot is a delight with her few scenes. Jesse Eisenberg is amusing in his own right, not sure if it's a solid fit for his character though. Henry Cavill is the weakest link, partially due to the writing.Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice isn't perfect. Ups and downs and strengths and weaknesses show up on screen. Fortunately, there are more of the positives than the negatives.

1& A self indulgent bore of a movie. A superhero movie that actually makes you wonder who needs saving more! The audience? or the movie itself?

0& When hollywood, in all their lurid cash-in policy, again throws away their money and the dignity of DC comics' biggest characters at the feet of a man-child with delusions of grandeur, this is what we all get, and worst of all: we deserve it. It happened when we as audience began to misinterpret verosimilitude (which, ironically, was the key word for Richard Donner and his crew when they pulled together the original 78 superman movie) with misery, darkness and hyper violence, all wrapped up in a mindless computer generated world. This horrible mash-up is one of the lamest and most disgraceful excuses to, once again, keep bribing our childhood.

2& In terms of spectacle and action Batman v Superman mostly delivers the goods, but in terms of narrative excellence, it is simultaneously plodding and just plain not good enough for these classic characters. Ben Affleck does make a good Batman and gives a great performance, but I did not really like this interpretation of Batman. I prefer my Batman with morals and not a vigilante who does not care anymore. The fact that we don't get a backstory for this version of Batman only makes it worse. Maybe there's a reason for his actions, but obviously we are never told them so it how are we supposed to know? I liked Henry Cavill in Man of Steel and I liked him here too. Jesse Eisenburg was his normal self, but it worked enough. Gal Gadot and the Wonder Woman character seemed shoe horned in, but nonetheless added some juice. I really wanted to love this, but I find myself asking how a different director would have done. At this point, we know Snyder's strengths and weaknesses as a director and they are on full display in this movie. This isn't as bad as people are making it out to be and can be enjoyable, but it could have been so much more given the source material. If you are interested though, go ahead and see it. I want them to go forward with the Justice League and a standalone Batman movie with Ben Affleck so maybe we can get some context into this version of the character. Maybe then we can look back on this with different opinions.

1& The biggest problem about this bloated, exhausting movie is that it sinks by trying way too hard to bite off (so much) more than it can chew, with a convoluted plot that is all over the place and too many characters whose motivations are mostly contrived and infuriatingly inconsistent.

2& Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is a great sequel to Man of Steel and a great prequel to a Justice League film franchise. The main flaw is its formulaic plot, resembling so much of The Dark Knight Trilogy. Hello? Lex Luthor acting like The Joker? But other than that, go to the cinema and enjoy the more than two hours of superhero awesomeness, because we deserve it! What a time to be alive!

2& Let's say it like it is: The most iconic meeting in comic book history leaves people oddly dissatisfied. The cast is not to blame. Opposed to what the haters expected, Affleck is a great Batman and Wayne. The other new names work great as well, only Eisenberg's Luthor is way overacting, channeling Ledger's Joker a little too obviously. Of course the visuals are great, but there is a darkness to the film that goes beyond the deadly serious storytelling that leaves little space for actual fun.
The whole first hour consists of detective work, senate hearings, dream sequences and set up. The film wakes up for its second half with a literal bang and actually has a lot of action from there on out. Some of it is great, other parts are just a massive, fake looking CGI overload against a creature you couldn't care less about. At least the foreshadowing of things to come and new heroes to join is really well done and makes you look forward to more, even if a lot of potential has been wasted here.
No catastrophe like some critics make it out to be, but also nowhere near the level Marvel keeps delivering for years. It's just disappointing to say that when Batman met Superman the result was actually just okay.

3& As a legitimate adaptation from its comic-book source material, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is a dazzling tale filled with thrills, constant action and bolstering effects. However, its best qualities on one side doesn't reflect the rest as a whole in regards to a fully concise film. Some of the plot the film could do without and it's plentiful narratives aren't superb in tying the entirety of the film. Despite the off-balanced proportionality of pros and cons, this DC-Comic-Duel/Duo is a long-overdue presentation that is overall entertaining and rather enjoyable that is more satisfying than its previous entry and allows need for more improvement and adjustments. 4/5

1& Batman and Superman have been a collision course for a while. The two most famous superheroes were once scheduled to combat in 2003. Then the budget got a tad too high for Warner Brothers' liking and it as scrapped. Flash forward a decade and now it seems that money is no longer a stumbling point, especially as Batman vs. Superman: Dawn of Justice cost an estimated $250 million dollars. I wasn't a fan of director Zack Snyder's first take on Superman, 2013's Man of Steel, so I was tremendously wary when he was already tapped to direct its follow-up, as well as the inevitable follow-up follow-up with 2017's Justice League. You see DC has epic plans to create its own universe of interlocked comics franchises patterned after Marvel's runaway success. Instead of building to the super team-up, they're starting with it and hoping one movie can kick off possibly half a dozen franchises. There's a lot at stake here for a lot of people. That's what makes the end results all the more truly shocking. Batman vs. Superman isn't just a bad movie, and I never thought I'd type these words, it's worse than Batman and Robin.

1& Eighteen months after the cataclysmic events of Man of Steel, Metropolis is rebuilding and has an uneasy relationship with its alien visitor, Superman (Henry Cavill). Billionaire Bruce Wayne (Ben Affleck) is convinced that an all-powerful alien is a threat to mankind, especially in the wake of the dead and injured in Metropolis. But how does man kill a god? Enter additional billionaire Lex Luthor (Jessie Eisenberg) and his acquisition of a giant hunk of kryptonite. Bruce runs into a mysterious woman (Gail Gadot a.k.a. Wonder Woman) also looking into the secrets held within Luthor's vaults. Clark Kent is pressing Wayne for comment on this bat vigilante trampling on civil liberties in nearby Gotham City, and Wayne is annoyed at the news media's fawning treatment over an unchecked all-powerful alien. The U.S. Senate is holding hearings on what responsibilities should be applied to Superman. Lois Lane (Amy Adams) is worried that her boyfriend is getting too caught up in the wrong things. Lex Luthor is scheming in the shadows to set up one final confrontation that will eliminate either Batman or Superman, and if that doesn't work he's got a backup plan that could spell their doom.I think it's only fitting to tackle each of the particular heavyweights in this huge showdown and devote time to dressing down why exactly the movie fails them.Let's start with Batman because quite frankly he's the character that the American culture prefers (his name even comes first in the title for a Superman sequel). Ben Affleck (Gone Girl) was at the bad end of unrelenting Internet fanboy-fueled scorn when the news came out that he was going to play the Caped Crusader, but he's one of the best parts of this movie, or perhaps the better phrasing would be one the least bad parts. He's a much better Bruce Wayne than Batman but we don't really get much of either in this movie. There isn't much room for character development of any sort with a plot as busy and incomprehensible as Batman vs. Superman, and so the movie often just relies upon the outsized symbolism of its mythic characters. We have a Batman who is Tough and Dark and Traumatized and looking for (Vigilante) Justice. We only really get a handful of scenes with Batman in action, and while there's a certain entertainment factor to watching an older, more brutal Batman who has clearly given up the whole ethical resolve to avoid killing the bad guys, under Snyder's attention, the character is lost in the action. The opening credits once again explain Batman's origin story, a tale that should be burned into the consciousness of every consumer. We don't need it, yet Snyder feels indebted to what he thinks a Batman movie requires. So he's gruff, and single-minded, and angry, but he's never complex and often he's crudely rendered into the Sad Man Lashing Out. He's coming to the end of his career in tights and he knows it, and he's thinking about his ultimate legacy. That's a great starting point that the multitude of live-action Batman cinema has yet to explore, but that vulnerability is replaced with resoluteness. He's determined to kill Superman because Superman is dangerous, and also I guess because the Metropolis collateral damage crushed a security officer's legs, a guy he's never met before. The destructive orgy of Metropolis is an excellent starting point to explain Bruce Wayne's fear and fury. I don't know then why the movie treats Wayne as an extremist. I don't really understand why there's a memorial for the thousands who lost their lives in the Metropolis brawl with a statue of Superman. Isn't that akin to the Vietnam Wall erecting a giant statue of a Vietcong soldier stabbing an American GI with a bayonette? This may be the most boring Batman havs ever been onscreen, and I repeat, Ben Affleck is easily one of the best parts of this woefully begotten mess.Next let's look at the other titular superhero of the title, the Boy Scout in blue, Superman. The power of Superman lies with his earnest idealism, a factor that has always made him a tougher sell than the gloomy Batman. With Man of Steel, Warner Brothers tried making Superman more like Batman, which meant he was darker, mopey, theoretically more grounded, and adopted the same spirit of being crushed by the weight of expectations and being unable to meet them. Cavill (The Man from U.N.C.L.E.) was a Superman who didn't want to be Superman, where dear old Pa Kent advocated letting children drown rather than revealing his powers (Father's Day must have been real awkward in the Kent household). It wasn't a great step and I wrote extensively about it with Man of Steel. The problem is that Superman and Batman are supposed to be contradictory and not complimentary figures. If one is brooding and the other is slightly more brooding, that doesn't exactly create a lot of personal and philosophical conflicts now does it? It clearly feels that Snyder and everybody really wanted to make a Batman movie and Superman just tagged along. Superman clearly doesn't even want to be Superman in the Superman sequel, often looking at saving others with a sigh-inducing sense of duty. He's still working as a journalist and making moral arguments about the role of the media, which seems like a really lost storyline considering the emphasis on blood and destruction. He wants Superman to be seen as a force of good even if others deify him. That's a powerfully interesting angle that's merely given lip service, the concept of what Superman's impact has on theology and mankind's relationship to the universe and its sense of self. Imagine the tectonic shifts acknowledging not only are we not alone but we are the inferior race. We get a slew of truly surprising cameos for a superhero movie arguing this debate (Andrew Sullivan?) but then like most else it's dropped. Clark is trying to reconcile his place in the world but he's really just another plot device, this time a one-man investigation into this bat vigilante guy. The other problem with a Batman v. Superman showdown is that Superman is obviously the superior and would have to hold back to make it thrilling. We already know this Superman isn't exactly timid about killing or intense collateral damage. The climax hinges on a Batman/Superman connection that feels so trite as to be comical, and yet Snyder and company don't trust the audience enough to even piece that together and resort to a reconfirming flashback.Arguably the most problematic area of a movie overwhelmed with problems and eyesores, Eisenberg's version of Lex Luthor is a complete non-starter. He is essentially playing his Mark Zuckerberg character but with all the social tics cranked higher. His socially awkward mad genius character feels like he's been patched in from a different movie (Snyder's Social Network?) and his motivation is kept murky. Why does he want to pit Batman and Superman against each other? It sees he has something of a god complex because of a nasty father. He is just substantially disappointing as a character, and his final scheme, complete with the use of an egg timer for wicked purposes, is so hokey that it made me wince. If you're going with this approach for Lex then embrace it and make it make sense. Late in the movie, Lex Luthor comes across a treasure-trove of invaluable information, and yet he does nothing substantive with this movie except create a monster that needs a super team-up to take down (this plot point was already spoiled by the film's marketing department, so I don't feel guilty about referring to it). If you're working with crafty Lex, he doesn't just gain leverage and instantly attack. This is a guy who should be intricately plotting as if he was the John Doe killer in Seven. This is a guy who uses his intelligence to bend others to his will. This Lex Luthor throws around his ego, nattering social skills, and force-feeds people Jolly Ranchers. This is simply a colossal miscalculation that's badly executed from the second he steps onscreen. The movie ends up being a 150-minute origin story for how Lex Luthor loses his hair.The one character that somewhat works is Wonder Woman and this may be entirely due to the fact that her character is in the movie for approximately twenty minutes. Like Lois, she has little bearing on the overall plot, but at least she gets to punch things. I was skeptical of Gadot (Triple 9) when she was hired for the role that should have gone to her Furious 6 co-star, Gina Carano (Deadpool). She didn't exactly impress me but I'll admit I dropped much of my skepticism. I'm interested in a Wonder Woman movie, especially if, as reported, the majority is set during World War I. There is a definite thrill of seeing the character in action for the first time, even if she's bathed in Snyder's desaturated color-corrected palate of gloom. Realistically, Wonder Woman is here to introduce her franchise, to setup the Justice League movies, and as a tether to the other meta-humans who each have a solo film project on the calendar for the next four years. Wonder Woman gets to play coy and mysterious and then extremely capable and fierce during the finale. One of the movie's biggest moments of enjoyment for me was when Wonder Woman takes a punch and her response is to smile. I look forward to seeing more of her in action and I hope the good vibes I have with the character, and Gadot, carry onward.The last act of this movie is Snyder pummeling the audience into submission, and it's here where I just gave up and waited for the cinematic torment to cease. The action up to this point has been rather mediocre, save for that one Batman fight, and I think with each additional movie I'm coming to the conclusion that Snyder is a first-class visual stylist but a terrible action director. The story has lacked greater psychological insights or well-rounded characters, so it's no surprise that the final act is meant to be the gladiatorial combat Lex has hyped, the epic showdown between gods. In essence, superheroes have taken a mythic property in our pop-culture, and Batman and Superman are our modern Mt. Olympus stalwarts. This showdown should be everything. The operatic heaviness of the battle at least matches with the overwrought tone of the entire movie. It's too bad then that the titular bout between Batman and Superman lasts a whole ten minutes long. That's it, folks, because then they have to forget their differences to tackle a larger enemy, the exact outcome that every single human being on the planet anticipated. I'm not even upset that the film ends in this direction, as it was fated. What I am upset about is a climax that feels less than satisfyingly climactic and more like punishment, as well as a conclusion that no single human being on the planet will believe. Snyder's visual style can be an assault on the sense but what it really does it break you down. The end fight is an incoherent visual mess with the screen often a Where's Waldo? pastiche of electricity, debris, smoke, fire, explosions, and an assortment of other elements. It's a thick soup of CGI muck that pays no mind to geography or pacing. It's like Michael Bay got drunk on Michael Bay-filmmaking. What the hell is the point of filming this movie in IMAX when the visual sequences are either too hard to decipher or something unworthy of the IMAX treatment? Do we need an entire close-up of a shell hitting the ground in glorious IMAX? The Doomsday character looks like a big grey baby before he grows his spikes. I was shocked at how bad the special effects looked for a movie that cost this much money, as if ILM or WETA said, "Good enough." Once it was all over, I sat and reflected and I think even Snyder's Sucker Punch had better action.Another problem is that there are just way too many moments that don't belong in a 150-minute movie. There's an entire contrivance of Lois disposing of a valuable tool and then having to go back and retrieve it that made me roll my eyes furiously. It's an inept way of keeping Lois involved in the action. How does Lois even know the relevancy of this weapon against its new enemy? Then there's her rescue, which means that even when the movie shoehorns Lois into the action to make her relevant, she still manages to become a damsel in needing of saving. She feels shoehorned in general with the screenplay, zipping from location to location really as a means of uncovering exposition. Then there's the fact that there is a staggering THREE superfluous dream sequences, and we actually get a flashback to one of those dumb dream sequences. The most extended dream sequence is a nightmarish apocalyptic world where Batman rebels against a world overrun by Superman and his thugs. There's a strange warning that comes with this extended sequence of future action but it doesn't involve this movie. Batman vs. Superman suffers from the same sense of overextension that plagued Age of Ultron. It's trying to set up so many more movies and potential franchises that it gets lost trying to simply make a good movie rather than Step One in a ten-step film release. In the age of super franchises that are intertwined with super monetary investments, these pilot movies feel more like delivery systems than rewarding storytelling. Payoffs are sacrificed for the promise of future payoffs, and frankly DC hasn't earned the benefit of the doubt here.I must return to my central, headline-grabbing statement and explain how Batman vs. Superman is a worse movie than the infamous Batman and Robin. I understand how loaded that declaration is, so allow me to unpack it. This is a bad movie, and without that I have no doubt. It's plodding, incoherent, tiresome, dreary, poorly developed, and so self-serious and overwrought to the point that every ounce of fun is relinquished. It feels more like punishment than entertainment, a joyless 150-minute exercise in product launching. By the end of the movie I sat in my chair, defeated and weary. Here is the most insidious part. Batman vs. Superman: Dawn of Justice obliterates any hope I had for the larger DC universe, let alone building anything on par with that Marvel has put together. If this is the direction they're going, the style, the tone, then I don't see how any of these will work. What's to like here? "Fun" is not a dirty word. Fun does not mean insubstantial nor does it mean that larger pathos is mitigated. If you're going to have a movie about Batman and Superman duking it out, it better damn well be entertaining, and yes fun. It's not a Lars von Trier movie. The Marvel movies are knocked for not being serious, but they take their worlds and characters seriously enough. They don't need to treat everything like a funeral dirge, which is what Batman vs. Superman feels like (it even opens and closes on funerals). This movie confirms all the worst impulses that Man of Steel began, and because it gutted all hope I have for the future of these oncoming superhero flicks, I can't help but lower its final grade. Batman and Robin almost killed its franchise but it was in decline at the time. As campy and innocuous as it was, Batman vs. Superman goes all the way in the other direction to the extreme, leaving a lumbering movie that consumes your hopes. The novelty of the premise and seeing its famous characters standing side-by-side will be enough for some audience members. For everyone else, commence mourning.Nate's Grade: D

3& This is going to be a huge split between critics and audiences.

2& *sigh* I wanted to like this movie. Honestly, I did. I enjoyed Man of Steel, and I didn't hate this one - it has its moments - but I found myself disappointed and actually bored for the vast majority of it.The cast is all fine, with the exception of Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor. When I heard he was cast, I was very optimistic. I figured he would play it as a combination of his Mark Zuckerberg and his character from Now You See Me - somewhat of a sociopath and always the smartest guy in the room. But no, he played it very... weird, and almost cartoony.The score is positively obnoxious. It is so intrusive and tries to be so constantly bombastic that it's like beating you over the head for two and a half hours, and actually detracts from scenes instead of enhancing them. Just way too much and way too over the top.Doomsday feels completely tacked on in the last half hour. It's like they suddenly thought, "we need another villain, something for a big fight" and just added him on.Wonder Woman felt a little unnecessary as well. Batman and Superman would have been enough for this movie, but they felt it necessary to put WW in here too. I suppose she was okay, though, so whatever.However, the one scene where she is clicking on video files for each of the other Justice League members feels totally out of place and just randomly shoehorned-in as an excuse to show them. It might have worked as a post-credits tease, but the way they just shoved it in the middle of the scene felt completely forced.A couple other random things:1) There is one fight scene - Batman's fight in the desert - that tries to be so showy and elaborate as a one-shot sequence, but it is SO stiffly choreographed you can practically hear Affleck counting the steps in his head. Okay, you put your arm here, now I will flip you there, now I turn to this guy....2) Holy crap, how many dream sequences do they have to cram into one movie?3) Even with his very limited screen time, Jeremy Irons is the best thing in the movie.DC/WB already has several more films planned out, but I can't help but feel it's another case of planning sequels before seeing if anyone actually wanted them. Man of Steel had its fans, but also many who didn't care for it, and I suspect this film will disappoint even more people.

2& A complete clusterf**k, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is overstuffed and poorly executed. Still, it's incredibly exciting to see DC's biggest titans going at it. As Superman grows increasingly concerned about the Gotham vigilante known as the Bat, Bruce Wayne trains to take down Superman; having seen his frighteningly destructive power firsthand. And while this main storyarc is solid, there are half a dozen subplots cluttering up the film, making it hard to follow what's going on. Ben Affleck proves to be excellently cast as an older, war-torn Batman, and Gal Gadot does an impressive job as Wonder Woman. Additionally, Zack Snyder's directing is visually stunning, creating some extraordinary imagery, and the score by Hans Zimmer and Junkie LX is riveting, and brings a lot of tension and suspense to the film. Yet as thrilling and action-packed as Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is, it's constantly tripping over itself.

1& Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is a film that many people, including myself, have been excited for. Who hasn't wanted to see the two greatest superheros of all time fight? Well I must say after seeing the movie, I was quite disappointed. Zack Snyder has crafted a very pretty film with some great action, but the script is just a complete and utter mess. It's unnecessarily confusing, far too long with to little to say, lacks the character development we needed to see, and feels like a setup for sequels. Ben Affleck absolutely steals the show as Batman. Everyone who doubted him can be calm now, as Affleck nails the role and is one of the best live action versions of the character yet. He has the emotion, strength and badassery to handle playing the Batman. Henry Cavill continues to be a good Superman, even while impressing me much more in Man of Steel. Gal Gadot has proven to me that she will be a good Wonder Woman, but her pressence in the film still felt unnecessary and just a way to try to push the Justice League setup further. Jesse Eisenberg as Lex Luthor was the biggest problem with the cast for me, because the weird and awkward persona we all saw in the trailers is even worse in the film. He doesn't portray the character the way we wanted him to, and by the end he just came off as cringeworthy and laughable. The story is a big jumbled meas where the writers wanted to stuff five different movies in here to try and catch up with Marvel I felt. I thought the first half of the film had something good going for a while, but by the second half they just threw it all away. You can see somewhere in here there is something good, but it becomes lost is storylines that are given no time to develop. Doomsday was wasted as a villain and just shoehorned into the end to give them all something to fight against. The confrontation between Batman and Superman ended up being the least important part of the film, which disappoints me. The film is also dreadfully long with very little to do or say. I love long films, especially when I am excited for them such as this movie, but I left just wishing they had cut out several of the storylines because they felt completely unnecessary. Overall, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice has some cool action and the superheros do a cool job, especially Ben Affleck as Batman. But the story is a disappointing mess, Lex Luthor was a huge letdown, the final confrontation felt like usless filler, and it all just felt like they wanted to setup the DCU rather than be a good movie on it's own. That being said, I am still on board for the DCU and I hope from here they can learn from their mistakes.

0& I wanted to love Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. So badly. Although my expectations were low, I hoped for the best, and all I wanted to do was to have fun.I underestimated this movie. I underestimated how bad it would really be.Batman v Superman introduces a semi-interesting Batman, presents a few cool visuals, and the story itself has some ideas in it that have potential. However, the script itself is a mess, being one of the worst screenplays in terms of structure that I have seen in recent memory. The movie has about seven storylines going on all at once, none of which tie together in any cohesive way, and none of which get enough screen time to be developed or interesting. Here, characters feel empty and shallow. Ideas are silenced by explosions. Potential future storylines are wasted.After enjoying Man of Steel, and being a fan of the genre, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is one of the biggest letdowns in cinematic history. It's messy, tonally confused, often times unintentionally funny, and every bit as much boring.When the film was first announced at Comic-Con a few years ago, the sheer epic nature of the announcement had me in giddy tears. Now, I am practically in tears once again. But not for the reasons that I had hoped.

2& First half of the movie feels like a crime thriller. Second half of the movie is an action packed showdown between Batman and Superman. It was a little bit boring at the end but the rest of the movie wasn't. Most of the film was ruined by the trailer so don't watch the trailer. There was nothing new that the film had to offer and it's filled with cliches. There were things that the characters did that didn't make sense. This is the movie to see a 1v1 showdown.

0& Definitely the worst super hero movie of all time. At least Catwoman was fun to watch. This one had no character development, the "big fight" was about five minutes, and the female characters were absolutely useless. Not because women are useless but because that's how Zack Snyder feels. The dialog is also laughably bad. My laughing wasn't appreciated unfortunately.

2& This is what happens when you put 2 of the most famous & adored comic book characters ever made in the same movie (& as the title would display, pit them against each other). The world is in an uproar over the over-criticised bashing of this film but I seem to be the only person who understands why. Even someone like me (who detests comic book movies) will admit Batman & Superman are more than fictional characters from a cartoon book - they've become almost mythical icons in the modern entertainment age, spawning what is quite possibly one of the biggest franchises on the planet & are famously beloved throughout the world, not just the USA. The very symbols of these men carry a huge following. So technically, this should be one of the biggest, impressive & revolutionary movies of the decade. But it isn't. Which has many people across the globe pissed off. For a run-of-the-mill quick-fix blockbuster it excels but it doesn't offer anything new and at times feels excessively brooding & uncomfortable (Snyder needs some happy pills I swear). The film is technically a sequel to last years 'Man of Steel' (hence the introduction of Batman & quick "recap" of what happened in Metropolis) & is basically building the foundations for the new DC Justice League expansion (god help us). I'm not defending this film (although it really isn't that god-awful) or defending the critics (although some have hit the nail on the head) but everyone's just going to have to agree to disagree. It looks like the only thing this movie will go down in history for is the war off-screen more than anything, which is pretty sad (& funny).

3& Don't fall for the negative hype. I was a bit skeptical of the movie and had waited 3 weeks to see BVS in theaters. Just coming out I wasn't disappointed . I like both portrayals of batman and superman, I like the serious dark tone, and even the justice league shoutouts I found interesting.However the areas that fell short 1) Doomsday should have been done better in plot and presentation. It just seemed out of place with the rest of the movie. 2) The movie killer that definitely deserves criticism is Jesse Eisenberg's portrayal of Lex Luthor. His crazy imitation riddler/joker vibe doesn't make sense. Couldn't it have been a more smart and calculated character like Kevin Spacey ? That would make more sense in context with rest of movie .But that's not what we got, so here we are. Overall it was a good movie. The Internet backlash is unjustified IMO, and there are actual bad superhero movies that seem to slide by without criticism.

0& Garbage from beginning to end. Worse movie ever to feature Batman or Superman. Unbelievably bad.

2& I have to say first off....for me personally I thought the trailer was misleading. I'm not going to lie I actually had a pretty good time watching it though. But the flaws were definitely there and definitely noticeable. It was, in a way, rushed. Also a lot of things were unexplained and confusing. And it didn't have to be. It was a little sloppy and unorganized but never the less I actually enjoyed it. It was emotional. It was great seeing the characters there together for the first time but...It could have and SHOULD have been done better. These characters deserve better and I felt like the cameo scenes were completely out of place. Now I will say without a doubt I liked bens batman, gals Wonder Woman, and the soundtrack. Those are the things that I don't have to think twice about

3& I'm giving this 5 stars just to counter the haters. Yes there are issues with story telling. Yes it's trying to set to many things up. And yes there are some big issues with Eisenberg, but I kind of liked it!!!!

3& People didn't like this movie?! Wow. I thought it was awesome. Just because it doesn't have one liner spewing characters doesn't mean it's bad. It and batman and superman seem like real people now. And wonder women was awesome! I thought Affleck was GREAT as Batman; he showed a character struggling, unlike too many other versions of the ba. People only give this movie bad reviews because it's the cool thing to do on the Internet.

3& Alright I'll say it this movie was really good not the greatest because of the twist at the end (spoilers) overall 8 out of 10 great movie I like it kinda followed the comic book and animated movies.

3& This movie was awesome! Batman was perfect. Superman is always dumb but that's he character. Lex Luthor was crazy. What's not to like. Oh they leaked doomsday in the trailer. Get over it. The movie set justice league up just as well as first avenger set up the avengers. So great job. Affleck crushed it.

0& Just embarrassing to watch. #Batman portrayal was boring and had no chemistry. Character was not believable. #OneStar

0& Martha would be disappointed in both of you
